BASIC (an Interpreter)
----------------------

This directory contains the source of my BASIC interpreter. 
It was originally started when I was a student as a 2ndyr project, I
continued to work on it afterwards every once in a while, putting
various extra facilities into it as I went along. 
The interpreter is based on a combination of Microsoft level 5 basic and
and RT11's MU-Basic with a smattering of Basic Plus in there for good
measure. The rational behind this was that these were the versions I
first learned to program in (many years ago). There are some parts of
the system I would redo again (especially the file handling - which is
only just workable) but I don't have the time. I'm sure the
documentation does not have all the latest facilities in but most of
them can be worked out from the source code.

This code is being put in the Public Domain since I will soon loose
network connectivity (I am leaving my job) and I don't particularly want
to sell it. This system does not contain any proprietary software. All
the algorithms are original or come from publicly available sources.

There are no licensing restrictions on this code or documentation at
all. I only ask that you give appropriate credit to the author.

Building the system
-------------------

This system has been built and tested on a Vax running 4.2 (4.1) on a
pdp11 (with and without floating point hardware ) running V6 V7 BSD 2.8 and
BSD 2.9, a pyramid 98X and on a unisoft 68000 (V7) system. With
appropriate convertion of the terminal handling routines (about 20 lines
of code) it should run on System V systems as well.

The system dependent code has been extracted and placed in relevent
subdirectories. Follow one of the current systems for conversion guidance.
The only nasty is that it assumes (in print()) that ints and structure
pointers are the same size. This can be fixed but I don't want to do it.
(It also assumes that all pointer types are the same size which I
wouldn't like to have to fix)

To compile the system use the "gen" shell script which will do all the
work.

You may want to sort out the terminal handling/editing routines as
well.

Have fun.

Phil Cockcroft 28 Sept 86
-------------------------
